it's clearly it's anything today I'm going to present you a
video for traders should take away between the blu-ray player a
special operation
so that's fine because it was not long ago
so here we have the first image that leaves with four days so I think
that he will propose one of 140
besides breach of duty
%
after two years that look a little bit down left we see some of
the public money would be later than Saturday to all that
so after we have some sardanes 4
1 with the publisher the land of coke in a quest that put all the assets
from his school-theater
to check
our expert in bath strategy
after we paid better the team comes back among which 45
I was already ordered a report from
just as some give pleasure to some that allows members to
this weapon
anger
but more
after which he is able if you want not much to this affair
was really fast perrin
you have to be proud it's really good but I can tell you that it was not
not interested not believe that a postponement
recently retired on a video where we see a lot of things so you
see that the left lasts there will be turrets in the show just like
extras etc
at the bottom right we see in languedoc what a
his home
after
on the right of bayonne a behavior of the f1 another union is like that
we wait to see more clearly
it is to learn from their mistakes
see you later
I am at the top left the radar we see helicopters we have
stopped helping them opel who bring the packages
after nine months
the picture a little higher point it's a helicopter that bombard us without
advances in tsr collection
for the right do not see any change so not been pulled that's
panic for easter and the necklace openly literary criticism
extracts
then effective huillard to refocus the browsers so that
the think or a landmark user
two years later we see sky side fashion we were given armor
armor you who will have about 100 life points
mlb what would that be really useful percent
I knew what to expect it's long
so after this little update must count that the achievements of the modern
warfare 2
so we see report said the strength of the marathon
gates the marathon would be called extreme conditions report that pays
tippett
and individualistic and idealistic
so not ready
do you believe it's not all melanie bertin bombardment of
details
so in my opinion and it is she who developed it plateau
I was thinking
e development with israel
so on this picture we stop to explain the court therefore has no
excuse
even when you have so from the 2010 nights with zero from there
she is not a little dog
but the tarbes who
we advanced in alabama to unlock dollars adapted from the
return a small card
to develop this product that would
three of the cake troops are impeccable
so the more you earn money the lack of real rewards
so that's personal
what would cereal be used for
so on this picture that we can see she made 36 killed
the last 36 years the electrical equipment supplier
that goes with that's why I think we have to keep the same power
so I stop on this picture to tell you that many have shown that he
there was a glitch in north a bit like against north koran
but I will not come in after all because of these machines
these entities with its framework
he will have bessan
on this picture we always see loved ones covered by all and for that
earth is flat so be stopped
more resistant to points the oil hit by two meetings
in the field
see it so that people surrounding Gaddafi have taken over it's true that I
the accepted c is really not bad
so these strategy experts
but on this image seeing the head after two mandates we can not be
spaced wooden concrete metal
and we also see behind a little
a character from the story so
read in the crisis is not as scary official there are quite a few
time
or people who make sense
so we are waiting
you said channel + now it depends on what kind of world
with the client the package two models
it seems that russia is playing a full match
dp no there is
the cemac to the image for you
see daily life that deals with hard to take into account
you can see it here so I do not know who could very well in the middle of
the screen
because of the map in point even though bertrand
yes can be among you
we will also allow litigation
the marine village on this case I think that's the pride it's
went unnoticed where the space on the menu what a responsible
not only so bad but maybe a little less media term
see a strapping on the contrary
of which four pirates do not see us this lets say it's not been called
a bull in us
why the metro but me 4
in some departments the agreement
the site that speaks in the dawn
so we see on the screen that is never better since the festival
so on this picture we may we can not see the questioned telescope
some 400 I think if it takes place
then the player had disappeared
not really the star
opened a preliminary inquiry into this procedure
and what to put up stop there to show that it will take place at the foot
anti riots
so it's not going very well a very slow pace
so I do not know him but spoke there are bullet impacts there are in
waiting for cotillard he will have the lap record
I find land since a small end against a lot
no
you
the
we are now planning the Palestinians who
and so here I wanted to silence the skeptics
perhaps
we will install to all agreed so no more than new
videos and clips the head of the water sank
do not hesitate to share them about the standing country that has been since yesterday
talk to your friends about the los angeles times the proof that he did not come